Mention breadcrumbs in Media Library documentation (#1042)
strapi/documentation: docs/user-docs/latest/media-library/organizing-assets-with-folders.md

By default, the Media Library displays folders and assets created at the root level. Clicking a folder navigates to this folder, and displays the following elements:

> - the folder title and breadcrumbs to navigate through folders (1)

Reviewer: I'd suggest a slight modification:

```suggestion
- the folder title and breadcrumbs to navigate to a parent folder (1)
```

because users can only navigate to one parent folder at a time.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, Gustav! 🤗

To navigate back to the parent folder, one level up, use the **Back** button at the top of the interface.

::: tip

> Breadcrumbs can also be used to navigate to a different folder: click on a folder name to directly jump to it or click on the 3 dots `...` and select a parent folder from the drop-down list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The breadcrumb navigation can also be used to navigate to a different folder: click on a folder name to directly jump to it or click on the 3 dots `...` and select a parent folder from the drop-down list.
```

Author: Thank you, Gustav :) I think @maevalienard wanted me to simply keep "breadcrumbs," but maybe it would make sense in this context 🤔 (though I'm not sure about "The […] navigation can be used to navigate")

Reviewer 2: I feel like it's a bit repetitive indeed, but regarding the way to call that, I think "The breadcrumb navigation" is still pretty straight forward so all good on my side actually :D
